Do you remember?
I always say this.
Since the beginning of last year,
we should not listen to rumors.
We should not believe in rumors.
Japanese soldiers will not be able to come.
Guangzhou is very safe.
You don't have to walk away.
You have heard it before.
What if the Japanese army comes?
The government will take the soldiers away first.
When you leave,
you will be left in Guangzhou.
Not only that,
you will be set on fire when you leave.
You will burn all the houses and buildings
into a public place.
This is what happened
when the people of Guangzhou
were responsible for the crimes of the front and rear.
I have a big lie to tell you.
There are still some left.
Some are burned.
I told them to come and see.
But they were so angry.
They burned them all.
Why are they still here?
They are still looking for bandits,
and they are still looking for oil machines.
They are still burning.
This is what happened
when the people of Guangzhou were in tears.
I want to ask why
the government of Guangzhou
did this to the Japanese.
It was the order of the Prime Minister.
Why did they do this?
They were being controlled by the Communist Party.
Let me ask you.
Did the Japanese army
get so much money from this sacrifice?
When the Japanese army was burned,
did the Japanese army
stop coming because you burned them?
They burned them.
They came and burned them again.
Did they stop coming
because of this?
They are still here.
Then why did they burn them?
They burned the people
and their property.
What else?
Someone said that
the Japanese army
was the last one.
The Japanese army said
that they would sacrifice themselves.
That's right.
I said that
they would sacrifice themselves
because they were fighting
and fighting until they were all destroyed.
That's what I said.